Update direct-routing-configure.md (#3122)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-configure.md

Direct Routing requires that users be in Teams Only mode to ensure incoming calls land in the Teams client. To put users in Teams Only mode, assign them the "UpgradeToTeams" instance of TeamsUpgradePolicy. If your organization uses Skype for Business Server or Skype for Business Online, see the following article for information interoperability between Skype and Teams: [Migration and interoperability guidance for organizations using Teams together with Skype for Business](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/migration-interop-guidance-for-teams-with-skype). 

## Configuring sending calls directly to voicemail

> Direct Routing allows you to end the call to a user or directly to the users' voicemail. If you want to send the call directly to voicemail, please attach opaque=app:voicemail to the Request URI header. For example, "sip:user@yourdomain.com;opaque=app:voicemail"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct Routing allows you to end the call to a user and send it directly to the users' voicemail. If you want to send the call directly to voicemail, please attach opaque=app:voicemail to the Request URI header. For example, "sip:user@yourdomain.com;opaque=app:voicemail".
```
